### Documentation Rules (SA1600-)
Rules which verify the content and formatting of code documentation.

Identifier | Name | Description
-----------|------|------------
[SA1600](SA1600.md) | ElementsMustBeDocumented | A C# code element is missing a documentation header. 
[SA1601](SA1601.md) | PartialElementsMustBeDocumented | A C# partial element is missing a documentation header. 
[SA1602](SA1602.md) | EnumerationItemsMustBeDocumented | An item within a C# enumeration is missing an Xml documentation header. 
[SA1603](SA1603.md) | DocumentationMustContainValidXml | The Xml within a C# element's document header is badly formed. 
[SA1604](SA1604.md) | ElementDocumentationMustHaveSummary | The Xml header documentation for a C# element is missing a `<summary>` tag. 
[SA1605](SA1605.md) | PartialElementDocumentationMustHaveSummary | The `<summary>` or `<content>` tag within the documentation header for a C# code element is missing or empty. 
[SA1606](SA1606.md) | ElementDocumentationMustHaveSummaryText | The `<summary>` tag within the documentation header for a C# code element is empty. 
[SA1607](SA1607.md) | PartialElementDocumentationMustHaveSummaryText | The `<summary>` or `<content>` tag within the documentation header for a C# code element is empty. 
[SA1608](SA1608.md) | ElementDocumentationMustNotHaveDefaultSummary | The `<summary>` tag within an element's Xml header documentation contains the default text generated by Visual Studio during the creation of the element. 
[SA1609](SA1609.md) | PropertyDocumentationMustHaveValue | The Xml header documentation for a C# property does not contain a `<value>` tag. 
[SA1610](SA1610.md) | PropertyDocumentationMustHaveValueText | The Xml header documentation for a C# property contains an empty `<value>` tag. 
[SA1611](SA1611.md) | ElementParametersMustBeDocumented | A C# method, constructor, delegate or indexer element is missing documentation for one or more of its parameters. 
[SA1612](SA1612.md) | ElementParameterDocumentationMustMatchElementParameters | The documentation describing the parameters to a C# method, constructor, delegate or indexer element does not match the actual parameters on the element. 
[SA1613](SA1613.md) | ElementParameterDocumentationMustDeclareParameterName | A `<param>` tag within a C# element's documentation header is missing a name attribute containing the name of the parameter. 
[SA1614](SA1614.md) | ElementParameterDocumentationMustHaveText | A `<param>` tag within a C# element's documentation header is empty. 
[SA1615](SA1615.md) | ElementReturnValueMustBeDocumented | A C# element is missing documentation for its return value. 
[SA1616](SA1616.md) | ElementReturnValueDocumentationMustHaveText | The `<returns>` tag within a C# element's documentation header is empty. 
[SA1617](SA1617.md) | VoidReturnValueMustNotBeDocumented | A C# code element does not contain a return value, or returns void, but the documentation header for the element contains a `<returns>` tag. 
[SA1618](SA1618.md) | GenericTypeParametersMustBeDocumented | A generic C# element is missing documentation for one or more of its generic type parameters. 
[SA1619](SA1619.md) | GenericTypeParametersMustBeDocumentedPartialClass | A generic, partial C# element is missing documentation for one or more of its generic type parameters, and the documentation for the element contains a `<summary>` tag. 
[SA1620](SA1620.md) | GenericTypeParameterDocumentationMustMatchTypeParameters | The `<typeparam>` tags within the Xml header documentation for a generic C# element do not match the generic type parameters on the element. 
[SA1621](SA1621.md) | GenericTypeParameterDocumentationMustDeclareParameterName | A `<typeparam>` tag within the Xml header documentation for a generic C# element is missing a name attribute, or contains an empty name attribute. 
[SA1622](SA1622.md) | GenericTypeParameterDocumentationMustHaveText | A `<typeparam>` tag within the Xml header documentation for a generic C# element is empty. 
[SA1623](SA1623.md) | PropertySummaryDocumentationMustMatchAccessors | The documentation text within a C# property's `<summary>` tag does not match the accessors within the property. 
[SA1624](SA1624.md) | PropertySummaryDocumentationMustOmitSetAccessorWithRestrictedAccess | The documentation text within a C# property's `<summary>` tag takes into account all of the accessors within the property, but one of the accessors has limited access. 
[SA1625](SA1625.md) | ElementDocumentationMustNotBeCopiedAndPasted | The Xml documentation for a C# element contains two or more identical entries, indicating that the documentation has been copied and pasted.
[SA1626](SA1626.md) | SingleLineCommentsMustNotUseDocumentationStyleSlashes | The C# code contains a single-line comment which begins with three forward slashes in a row. 
[SA1627](SA1627.md) | DocumentationTextMustNotBeEmpty | The Xml header documentation for a C# code element contains an empty tag. 
[SA1628](SA1628.md) | DocumentationTextMustBeginWithACapitalLetter | A section of the Xml header documentation for a C# element does not begin with a capital letter. 
[SA1629](SA1629.md) | DocumentationTextMustEndWithAPeriod | A section of the Xml header documentation for a C# element does not end with a period (also known as a full stop). 
[SA1630](SA1630.md) | DocumentationTextMustContainWhitespace | A section of the Xml header documentation for a C# element does not contain any whitespace between words. 
[SA1631](SA1631.md) | DocumentationMustMeetCharacterPercentage | A section of the Xml header documentation for a C# element does not contain enough alphabetic characters. 
[SA1632](SA1632.md) | DocumentationTextMustMeetMinimumCharacterLength | From StyleCop 4.5 this rule is disabled by default. 
[SA1633](SA1633.md) | FileMustHaveHeader | A C# code file is missing a standard file header. 
[SA1634](SA1634.md) | FileHeaderMustShowCopyright | The file header at the top of a C# code file is missing a copyright tag. 
[SA1635](SA1635.md) | FileHeaderMustHaveCopyrightText | The file header at the top of a C# code file is missing copyright text. 
[SA1636](SA1636.md) | FileHeaderCopyrightTextMustMatch | The file header at the top of a C# code file does not contain the appropriate copyright text. 
[SA1637](SA1637.md) | FileHeaderMustContainFileName | The file header at the top of a C# code file is missing the file name. 
[SA1638](SA1638.md) | FileHeaderFileNameDocumentationMustMatchFileName | The file tag within the file header at the top of a C# code file does not contain the name of the file. 
[SA1639](SA1639.md) | FileHeaderMustHaveSummary | The file header at the top of a C# code file does not contain a filled-in summary tag. 
[SA1640](SA1640.md) | FileHeaderMustHaveValidCompanyText | The file header at the top of a C# code file does not contain company name text. 
[SA1641](SA1641.md) | FileHeaderCompanyNameTextMustMatch | The file header at the top of a C# code file does not contain the appropriate company name text. 
[SA1642](SA1642.md) | ConstructorSummaryDocumentationMustBeginWithStandardText | The XML documentation header for a C# constructor does not contain the appropriate summary text. 
[SA1643](SA1643.md) | DestructorSummaryDocumentationMustBeginWithStandardText | The Xml documentation header for a C# finalizer does not contain the appropriate summary text. 
[SA1644](SA1644.md) | DocumentationHeadersMustNotContainBlankLines | A section within the Xml documentation header for a C# element contains blank lines. 
[SA1645](SA1645.md) | IncludedDocumentationFileDoesNotExist | An included Xml documentation file does not exist. 
[SA1646](SA1646.md) | IncludedDocumentationXPathDoesNotExist | An included Xml documentation link contains an invalid path. 
[SA1647](SA1647.md) | IncludeNodeDoesNotContainValidFileAndPath | An include tag within an Xml documentation header does not contain valid file and path attribute. 
[SA1648](SA1648.md) | InheritDocMustBeUsedWithInheritingClass | `<inheritdoc>` has been used on an element that doesn't inherit from a base class or implement an interface. 
[SA1649](SA1649.md) | FileNameMustMatchTypeName | The file name of a C# code file does not match the first type declared in the file. 
[SA1650](SA1650.md) | ElementDocumentationMustBeSpelledCorrectly | The element documentation for the element contains one or more spelling mistakes or unrecognized words. 
[SA1651](SA1651.md) | DoNotUsePlaceholderElements | The documentation for the element contains one or more `<placeholder>` elements. 
[SA1652](SA1652.md) | EnableXmlDocumentationOutput | This rule was moved to [SA0001](SA0001.md)
