## SX1116

<table>
<tr>
  <td>TypeName</td>
  <td>SX1116SplitParametersMustStartOnLineAfterDeclaration</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>CheckId</td>
  <td>SX1116</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Category</td>
  <td>Readability Rules</td>
</tr>
</table>

## Alternative rule

This rule is a non-standard extension to the default StyleCop behavior, and represents an alternative style which is adopted by some projects. Alternative rules are known to directly conflict with standard StyleCop rules.

## Cause

The parameters to a C# method or indexer call or declaration span across multiple lines, but the first parameter does not start on the line after the opening bracket.

## Rule description

A violation of this rule occurs when the parameters to a method or indexer span across multiple lines, but the first parameter does not start on the line after the opening bracket. For example:

```csharp
var lazyLargeObject = new Lazy<LargeObject>(() =>
{
    return new LargeObject(Thread.CurrentThread.ManagedThreadId);
});
```

The parameters should begin on the line after the declaration, whenever the parameter span across multiple lines:

```csharp
var lazyLargeObject = new Lazy<LargeObject>(
    () =>
    {
        return new LargeObject(Thread.CurrentThread.ManagedThreadId);
    });
```

Alternatively, the parameters can all be on the same line if the parameters are not too long.

```csharp
var lazyLargeObject = new Lazy<LargeObject>(() => new LargeObject(Thread.CurrentThread.ManagedThreadId));
```

This rule is disabled by default. When enabling this rule, the [SA1116](SA1116.md) rule should be disabled.

## How to fix violations

To fix a violation of this rule, ensure that the first parameter starts on the line after the opening bracket, or place all parameters on the same line if the parameters are not too long.

## How to suppress violations

```csharp
[SuppressMessage("StyleCop.CSharp.ReadabilityRules", "SX1116:SplitParametersMustStartOnLineAfterDeclaration", Justification = "Reviewed.")]
```

```csharp
#pragma warning disable SX1116 // SplitParametersMustStartOnLineAfterDeclaration
#pragma warning restore SX1116 // SplitParametersMustStartOnLineAfterDeclaration
```
